## Separation of concerns
- [x] There exists `/repository`, the user's repository.
- [ ] The `ObjectsAndRelations` lists all the objects and their relations. This comes from:
    - [ ] On page load, the `Server` runs `diagramDefinition.py` which runs `diagramDefintion.py :: miner` to generate the `ObjectsAndRelations`.
    - [ ] The `Server` then sends the `ObjectsAndRelations` to the `Frontend`.
    - [ ] The user can provide a `ObjectAndRelationsDelta` via the `Frontend`, which is combined with the `ObjectsAndRelations` in the `Frontend`, and sent to the `Server` for rendering.
    - [ ] The `Frontend` also stores the `ObjectAndRelationsDelta` in localStorage. 
    - [ ] If the user wants to make the `ObjectAndRelationsDelta` a perment part of their repository, they can add it to the relevant section in the `diagramDefintion.py`.
- [ ] The `StyleMap` defines how the `Objects` and `Relations` should be rendered. This comes from:
    - [ ] On page load, the `Server` runs `diagramDefinition.py` which runs `diagramDefintion.py :: styler` to generate the `StyleMap`.
    - [ ] The `Server` then sends the `StyleMap` to the `Frontend`.
    - [ ] The user can provide a `StyleMapDelta` via the `Frontend`, which is combined with the `StyleMap` in the `Frontend`, and sent to the `Server` for rendering.
    - [ ] The `Frontend` also stores the `StyleMapDelta` in localStorage. 
    - [ ] If the user wants to make the `StyleMapDelta` a perment part of their repository, they can add it to the relevant section in the `diagramDefintion.py`.
- [ ] The `SVGImage` generated by the `Server` is sent to the `Frontend` for rendering.
- [ ] The `Server`:
    - [ ] Hosts the `Frontend` statically
    - [ ] Provides rendering services for the `Frontend` by:
        - [ ] Converting the `StyleMap` + `ObjectAndRelations` into PlantUML
        - [ ] Rendering the PlantUML into an SVG
        - [ ] Returning the SVG to the frontend.
    - [ ] Watches `diagramDefinition.py` for changes and asks the `Frontend` to reload on changes

TODO: Dogfood this.