## Separation of concerns
- [USER ACTION] There exists `/path/to/repository`, the user's repository.
- [USER ACTION] User clones this repository to `/path/to/code2dia`.
- [USER ACTION] User installs code2dia.
    - [USER ACTION] User should have conda installed.
        - https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html
    - [USER ACTION] User has added the conda-forge channel
        - https://conda-forge.org/
        - `conda config --add channels conda-forge`
    - [USER ACTION] User has plantuml.jar installed, or have access to a (dockerized or not) plantUML server
        - [USER ACTION] User configures server/config.template.json to tell code2dia where plantUML is.
    - [USER ACTION] User installs the following conda packages:
        - `conda create -n code2dia fastapi uvicorn websockets watchfiles conda-build black python-dotenv`
            - Using this instead of a requirements.txt or a list file or a meta yaml file because I like keeping deps reasonably up to date. 
        - [USER ACTION] User may have to reinstall `conda-build` afterwards? not sure why but eh
    - [USER ACTION] Also install some stuff that isn't in conda yet: `pip install jsonc-parser`
    - [USER ACTION] User clones the repository.
    - [USER ACTION] `conda develop .` so that your python interpreter can find the libraries from this project.
        - If for some reason conda develop doesn't work: `pip install --editable .`
- [x] [USER ACTION] User runs `/path/to/code2dia serveDiagram.py /path/to/repository`.
    - [x] `serveDiagram.py` hosts a static site on port 8000.
    - [x] `serveDiagram.py` instructs the user's browser to open to its address.
    - [x] The frontend will fetch `POST http://origin/getDiagramDefinition` to fetch all the objects and relations, as well as the stylemap.
        - [x] `server/getObjectsAndRelations` will call `diagramDefinition.py` on the target repository to get the objects and relations.
            - [TODO] server/getObjectsAndRelations will check whether there is a `diagramDefinition.py` defined in the `/path/to/repository` and call that instead, to allow the user to inject their own relations.
        - [STUB] `diagramDefinition.py` returns a set of objects, relations, and styles, which is handed over as plaintext to the frontend.
    - [x] The frontend presents the string to the user.
    - [x] the frontend will fetch `POST http://origin/getDiagram`
- [USER ACTION] User sees the diagram.
- [USER ACTION] User can modify the diagramDefinition in the textbox.
- [USER ACTION] User presses save.
    - [x] The frontend sends the new diagramDefinition to the backend.
    - [x] A new diagram appears on screen.